feat(changelog): containers-changed-serverless-vpc-namespace-enabled-by- 2025-08-22 (#5447)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/august2025/2025-08-22-containers-changed-serverless-vpc-namespace-enabled-by-.mdx

---
title: Serverless Containers namespaces now have VPC enabled by default
status: changed
date: 2025-08-22
category: serverless
product: containers
---

Private Network attachment is now available for all Serverless Containers Namespaces. Previously, this feature was limited to namespaces with the `VPC Enabled` option.

> [Learn how to use Private Networks with Serverless Containers](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless-containers/how-to/use-private-networks/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learn how to use Private Networks with Serverless Containers](/serverless-containers/how-to/use-private-networks/)
```

> To be able to attach Serverless Containers to a Private Network, previously it was available only for namespaces with `VPC Enabled` feature. Now it's available on all Serverless Containers Namespaces.
> 
> [How to use Private Networks with Serverless Containers](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless-containers/how-to/use-private-networks/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Private Network attachment is now available for all Serverless Containers Namespaces. Previously, this feature was limited to namespaces with the `VPC Enabled` option.

[Learn how to use Private Networks with Serverless Containers](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless-containers/how-to/use-private-networks/)
```
